BostonHacks - November 2018
Boston University
https://devpost.com/software/ourzic

# Ourzic

Ally Zhu, Kai Washer, Théo Penavaire, Tigran Karapetyan, Victor Debray

Ourzic: your party playlist democratized.

## Inspiration
“You know what I want, what I really really want? ...To change the playlist.” We heard something along the lines of this so frequently at BostonHacks, we decided to solve this problem once and for all. Introducing: OURZIC, your party playlist democratized.

## How?
The worst party is one with a sub-par playlist, and a restaurant with weird jams is just such a turn-off. This mobile app allows anyone to vote for the next song at a public event, while still allowing the host to maintain a certain degree of jurisdiction over what’s being played. 

As a user, you can join an Event Playlist by entering a code generated by the host. Users can, in real time, vote for their favourite song amongst a list of 5. The song with the most votes will be played, and the bottom three songs will replaced with a new selections to form a new voting pool. Compete with fellow party-goers to get your favorite song to the top.

As a host, you are able to select the playlist from which these voting selections are generated so as to still maintain control over your PARTY! Like this, the public gets to listen to the music they want, but party hosters are also happy. 

## How we built it
The mobile application is built in react native. It integrates the spotify API to get the music and the Bose Soundtouch API to play it.
Half of the application is for the host. The other half is dedicated to the guests. Also, a server will keep track of the playlists for each event.

## Challenges we ran into
We had challenges integrating all technologies together.

